Brian Kern: Are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm doing okay.
So,
Brian Kern: Good. You know, a little freaked out. Everything is going on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You guys have a lot of cases in New Mexico.
Brian Kern: Um, I don't know how many cases.
Brian Kern: A Monday. My wife had a sore throat and line beaver like honored to, oh boy. So we went go we went to go get tested. And we're like, we're still waiting for the results.
Brian Kern: She caught
Brian Kern: Up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And she coined ourselves so that you don't get
Brian Kern: Ya know, she's like state, you know, we'd like kind of separated from each other during the whole thing.
Brian Kern: We live in like a really small apartment, though.
Brian Kern: You know, they didn't even give me a test because they were like,
Brian Kern: It basically said, like if she hasn't you're gonna get it so
Brian Kern: Any new testament
Brian Kern: We have you
Brian Kern: Know, and like she feels better to actually does you know she does not be there anymore. Like, I went and got an
Brian Kern: Honors sophomore
Brian Kern: Year, and they said if they didn't call that like it was a negative. So they haven't all and it's been over 72 hours.
Brian Kern: Well,
Brian Kern: Yeah, we're kind of hoping that like it's negative, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you said you don't have any symptoms.
Brian Kern: You know, like I feel fine, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's promising seems like you know she had some discomfort, but she's long up and up and fully she doesn't have it, you don't, but I think, you know, this thing has everyone just kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being very aware of their body and the symptoms and different in different ailments. They may be experiencing and wanted to be hyper vigilant to make sure that they don't catch it, for obvious reasons.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what would you like to talk about today.
Brian Kern: I don't know. I mean, nothing's really really going on with me like they
Brian Kern: They, they took me off the schedule and my job.
Brian Kern: As a because everything is going on. They said, like they're so slow. So they don't need me right now, you know,
Brian Kern: And plus, I told him about how I you know I might expose the crown liners so
Brian Kern: You know, they said. He said that like to call them and let them know
Brian Kern: What was happening. But yeah, they took me off the schedule like even though
Brian Kern: For no we don't go pretty much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Testing time. So just kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: watching and waiting and preparing for, you know, things that are unknown at this time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How have you managing this I don't recall if you mentioned if he had any anxiety, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hi.
Brian Kern: How are you
Brian Kern: Oh yeah, I have a lot of
Brian Kern: I know we have a lot of like anxiety issues.
Brian Kern: I'm
Brian Kern: Like right now I don't really feel like too anxious, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: I'm kind of like cuz I was thinking of quitting my job. Anyways, yeah, no, I'm like applying like applying for other jobs.
Brian Kern: And just as I don't really want to work there anymore anyways.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, it is kind of crazy was like everything going on, like, I don't know how to like go about applying for jobs like you're saying, you know, like I watched some videos about the coronavirus and they're saying like
Brian Kern: You know, if you can like stay in your house and like stay away from other people until like slow spread out of it. You know, I mean, so it's kind of like a weird time, you know. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well in situations like this with the pandemic going on you know the best way to manage your anxiety is try not to watch them as much via social media.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Social media news because it kind of heightened please experience when you're reading it, it's different. Um, and then also think about all the things that you can control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, so, how you were able to go to the doctor. Once your wife is showing the symptoms doing those things that you can prepare for and control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, you know, letting yourself know that everyone else is trying to figure it out. So you're not in a position to be that one to have the solution, right, so any situations where
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It may seem discouraging because you don't have all the answers. I mean, the fact is, no one does at this point.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So just really they're taking it day by day, you take it day by day and trust your gut. The fact that you were able to speak up and say, I want to compromise my health and be at peace in the decision that you made. It's not going to work.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, that's how I feel about it. You know, like
Brian Kern: You know, you're kind of waiting on early age. I feel like everything worked out, man. No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, we're talking a lot about present situations.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you got into the program and you started with group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now that you know there's an opportunity confetti. Are there any things that you would want to unpack anything that you would want to process to give you healthier coping skills.
Brian Kern: You mean like what like past so says or
Brian Kern: Or like what we mean like
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anything from the President that you want coping skills to be able to deal with.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I still have a lot of like
Brian Kern: Kinda like hyper vigilance, from what I got attacked by a machete.
Brian Kern: Like that makes me anxious, a lot. Yeah. Yeah, like when I'm walking down the street, you know, I mean, I know it's like a rational, but it's like, you know, create sometimes like something like that might happen again or something.
Brian Kern: You know what I mean, like, really violent
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you said a little hyper vigilant, how do you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Protect yourself.
Brian Kern: I mean any room I ever walk into any store like anywhere. I always check
Brian Kern: Like you know I always kind of like stand around like look around.
Brian Kern: See how many people are. They're stealing. How many doors are. You know what I mean, like, one of the people play
Brian Kern: What direction they're looking at. And so I'm going to me for like
Brian Kern: You know what I mean.
Brian Kern: And then I everywhere I go by, like, Go work.
Brian Kern: It's just like an unconscious thing that I do, you know,
Brian Kern: Used to carry a knife Barbie.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What made that stop and decided to no longer
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Unless I'm just going to close my screen.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Brian Kern: I don't, I don't remember. Actually, I think, honestly, like I just didn't have one anymore because like I went to jail for a long time. And like I was paying
Brian Kern: And everything I just didn't have one, you know, it wasn't really like a conscious. I guess it's like when I went to jail you know jail. I was, I was like, really saying
Brian Kern: So I got in, you know, I didn't feel threatened in there and all, which is like kind of ironic thing about jail. It was like really safe. You know, I mean those in the drug program in jail. So I kind of got used to like not really having to worry about.
Brian Kern: My surroundings. I wasn't ever vigilant all and
Brian Kern: You know, I got out.
Brian Kern: You know, like started again, you know, I
Brian Kern: Don't really anxious and but yeah I guess like like when I stopped caring. It just wasn't a conscious decision, it was just like these, like, I didn't have one
Brian Kern: Ever got one, you know. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Amen situations that you mentioned me. We're also in a controlled environment so
You were
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In prison. So that's a controlled environment. These spaces, but now being out back in the community. That's not a controlled environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it makes sense that, that's when the anxiety with people again yes jail is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Definitely an environment where there may be situations where you kind of are aware of your surroundings, just because the culture and the other people that are in prison, but it's still controlled space.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So over time, you know, and if you develop
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A security there knew that you really didn't bother anybody. It could be this sense of all right I'm secure here, nothing's gonna happen but out in the community and considering how it happened. This was just this wasn't like someone that you knew this was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A stranger. So
Brian Kern: Wow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When that happened, did you get any therapy afterwards.
Brian Kern: No, no. I mean, they
Brian Kern: Gave me a bunch of bands. I was pretty much, and that was it. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yes. Oh, yeah.
Brian Kern: Pills pretty much
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, I was in the hospital for a month after that happen. So, or about a month, maybe only three weeks.
Brian Kern: Remember what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We're covering right from the injuries.
Brian Kern: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Brian Kern: And they had like
Brian Kern: I guess it was a second psychiatrists calm and that's when they diagnosed with PTSD.
Brian Kern: You know, that's basically it. You know, I mean, it just fills.
Brian Kern: Out after that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what environments. Do you feel that you control that you feel safe in
Brian Kern: My home.
That's
Brian Kern: Pretty much.
Brian Kern: I mean, that really is the only
Brian Kern: Only environmentally can control.
How do you know that you see in your home. What is that what the safety feel like for you.
Brian Kern: I mean, it's just like knowing that nobody's gonna try stabbing hear anything very much
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: About it.
Brian Kern: Or like, you know, know there's like no threats to me or anything like that.
No, see, threats.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Out in the community. Is it always like that you always have that underlying you I get some times where you
Brian Kern: Know is always there very much
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Waiting here. What do you feel that here in your playing
Brian Kern: Sometimes like either in my gut or in my head, you know,
Brian Kern: Like there's been times. Like I walk home from work.
Brian Kern: You know, like
Brian Kern: Walking behind me, you know,
Brian Kern: And they usually like I mean they look homeless, you know, because like my works right next to the homeless shelter.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, so that, like, you know, my alarm bells go off my head and you know I mean like that are really like anywhere. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Just like I don't know like
Brian Kern: I just kind of even worse, like now like
Brian Kern: A lot like, you know, like I'm walk to the store yesterday, we need some stuff. And now it's like I feel like a lot of stuff is uncertain with like
Brian Kern: Everybody like freaking out, you know, I mean, like, I go to Walgreens, and there's like 200 people in there like all granted like grabbing stuff off the shelves, you know, I mean, it's just like
Brian Kern: Chaos, you know,
Brian Kern: I mean, it's not like to the point where I'm like, freaking out in my head is
Brian Kern: Unaware that least something could happen about it, knowing me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you do feel that you're able to kind of control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How you appear in public that the anxiety is if mass others can you can see it.
Brian Kern: They're like, oh, there's people can see it.
Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yeah I don't say, you know, I don't think I like okay she's ready store, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For the fact that you don't look at the store. What's the self top that you're doing when you're in the store so that the the anxiety, isn't it. This chart doesn't show
Brian Kern: Oh really, you know, I mean, I just
Brian Kern: Like I usually just try to like you know your call. You know, I mean like I just
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: Or sometimes I'll even say, you know, like, I'll tell myself like nothing's gonna happen. Your parents, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Brian Kern: Which is true. I can be paranoid a lot, you know,
Brian Kern: There's things like that, you know, I mean I've gotten used to it over the years really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's good is that you want to be able to catch what am I doing well to help manage this enzyme, you know, PTSD. I have very real threats are very real experiences.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That would make sense for me to be afraid to go out in public, but I'm able to do it. I'm able to function well I'm able to not give up to other people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This invite. So there's something that you're doing well itself top is working and I would also invite you to use some different ways to regulate your body and that might be your breathing. Have you ever tried belly breathing.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I've done a lot of the like.
Brian Kern: Mindfulness stuff, you know, like
Brian Kern: They, they taught us in jail. I do a lot of that.
Brian Kern: And even like group. Now, we do a lot of breathing. And sometimes I'll just like
Brian Kern: Breathe. You know,
Brian Kern: I'm never like really
Brian Kern: Gotten too much into it. You know, like, I can't, like, it's hard for me to meditate or anything like that because I like my brain is like all over the place.
Brian Kern: Yeah. So like most of the time. I don't even try it. My wife meditates a lot. She always like a high speed it. It just can't sit there and
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, like, it's just
Brian Kern: I can't, you know, it's just I can't do it. Yeah, I can like sit there like
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: I need to
Brian Kern: Do something, you know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you're right. She does a lot of the meditation and mindfulness
Brian Kern: Yeah, she does a lot like meditation, yoga. Yoga, like every day, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what what breathing exercise and she taught you.
Brian Kern: Like, deep, deep breathing. You know, I also a counselor actually am and then outpatient program I have where we were literally just like take like
Brian Kern: Really deep breaths, kind of like over and over again, you know,
Brian Kern: I also learned this like tapping, it's like really tap your hand.
Brian Kern: You know, apparently described is just like tapping and leave no self affirmation type stuff like you
Brian Kern: Know, things like that, though.
Brian Kern: Oh no, I just don't really like
Brian Kern: You know, I guess it's never done anything for any of that.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, like, it's better for me. Like sometimes like I've been trying to like start working out again.
Brian Kern: And that, that helps you know a lot of times, like just working out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So discharging your anxiety through activity you find more useful than the breathing and meditation.
Brian Kern: Yeah, definitely. You know, I mean like
Brian Kern: Doing something pretty much like anything like take my mind off of it, you know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How often, the
Brian Kern: Lately so much. I've been like trying to get back. I used to be, you know, I used to exercise every day. And then I just, you know, didn't room while wink sporadically every now and then and now I'm like trying to get back into it.
Brian Kern: You know, especially because
Brian Kern: I don't have work or anything like that, you know, it's just kind of like other stuff gone away.
Brian Kern: So now I feel like I could exercise more, not I don't have his busy schedule right now, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What else I want to find out what works for you are what hasn't worked for you in regards to managing
Brian Kern: Play video games that definitely helps.
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: It's just I can sit there and just
Brian Kern: Play video game. Yeah, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like
Brian Kern: You know, easily just this do so much either. Like, you know, because remember I told you only try and make a career out of it all.
Brian Kern: Of this like upload clips and like trying to stream to people, you know, might have, like, a few people watch. I mean, so, so I can like talk to them, you know,
Brian Kern: Also sometimes writing, writing. Oh.
Brian Kern: I haven't been doing so much that either really like I'll just like how to journal or something.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Beforehand, how often are we doing
Brian Kern: At one point, like every day, you know,
Brian Kern: Now again, not so much really just because
Brian Kern: You know, stop gotten away.
Brian Kern: So really, all my trying to like get back in the old stuff right oh
Brian Kern: Yeah yeah what something from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Putting back into the
Brian Kern: Game back into him.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, right now, nothing stopping me really
Brian Kern: You know, early should only because
Brian Kern: You know, the only thing I really have a now.
Brian Kern: look for another job really or talk to my boss and 20 hours back
Brian Kern: You know, which not so sure.
Brian Kern: Yeah, oh yeah, just things like that.
Brian Kern: Really know what's what. What we're exploring. You know me, you know,
Brian Kern: I'm grateful because like lately, like, you know, other than the hyper vigilance that I have when I leave the house like I haven't really been too anxious at all and driving home.
Brian Kern: really anxious or anything. You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: You know, I spent a lot of time, you know, so it's like
Brian Kern: You know, right now, when not in a really a access
Brian Kern: Versus good
Brian Kern: Yeah yeah
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How confident. Do you feel with your sobriety.
Brian Kern: Right now I feel like really confident you know i mean like
Brian Kern: I've been just, you know, like, I don't have any cravings or anything.
Brian Kern: The dose that on like really helps you know it's easy. I just take one in the morning.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, it helps a lot.
Brian Kern: You know I say that, like, I try to stay away from anyone that's using which is like why like I put my job.
Brian Kern: Because a guy that's spreading on the bathroom.
Brian Kern: You know, but I just I stay away from, like, every time he comes in, you know, I just, I leave you know
Brian Kern: My boss gets pissed. But I told him and work with this guy because he was the one that I was getting the pros. You know, I really
Brian Kern: Yeah, so
Brian Kern: And I told that you know I told like my boss is everything happened.
Brian Kern: And
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, they, they don't really care. I mean,
Brian Kern: Like they know that he sold me heroin.
Brian Kern: I mean,
Brian Kern: Those kind of like, like I feel like it's a toxin and like
Brian Kern: Like hostile work environment. I guess you know i mean
Brian Kern: Like my boss asked me, you know, I mean like I just really just hate working, you know, I am like really anxious to work, honestly.
Brian Kern: You know, because it's like is Duke and coming back. There was no fat, no.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, also, like, he'll like because he, I think I'm pretty sure he knows that I told my boss is everything like
Brian Kern: Like he's kind of like, whoa, like say something really smart ass comments, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: And, you know, like, holy
Brian Kern: I don't know, just kind of talk shit, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like, honestly, the other day I want to kick his ass.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, it's like you just
Brian Kern: I want to, I want to kick his ass for him first. It was like like really like the main reason I don't work with them because I don't want to be around somebody
Brian Kern: Same time also don't want to be around because I realized I really don't like the only other, you know, I mean, so it's like
Brian Kern: Now it just is toxic work environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What stopped you from going to the next level and fighting
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What, what was that restraint restraint.
Brian Kern: Oh, you know, like usually him. You know, I like I kind of pitch. But then it's like really like I always like talk right like I try to talk myself through like what would happen. So like, let's say I like punch in the face. You know what I mean.
Brian Kern: Like the next logical thing that would happen is my boss or somebody calls county jail and I'm on probation. So it's like really like it's easy for me to stop myself from
Brian Kern: You know, is easiest on myself and yourself like that, you know, I mean, yeah, like, especially now that I'm so if I wasn't so I probably
Brian Kern: Probably want to try to fight it. Honestly, you know, but now it's like I've learned, like, over the years, I've learned
Brian Kern: The attorney.
Brian Kern: Playing a tape forward. That's what they call the plane to take forward, you know, just kind of like talking myself through everything that happened is like the same with like
Brian Kern: Like using heroin, like let's say I use heroin. You know, it would be like the next thing would be
Brian Kern: Maybe I'd use one more time. You know, I mean, and then I go to jail. You know, it's like the same thing. And that's, like, another reason why I'm so confident my sobriety. Because like I really, you know, I mean, I hate to spend a lot of time and do it so
Brian Kern: As you know, another thing. Like I use again like you know my wife would definitely leave me this question.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, we get worse. And that's, that's not worth the heroines not worth anything that should
Brian Kern: It's not worth going to jail, not worth my marriage, possibly dying, you know, cuz I'm overdose, like a lot of time. So it's like
Brian Kern: You know my luck has to run out at some point, you know,
Brian Kern: Yeah, there's just no it's worth it, you know.
Brian Kern: Like it's very like easy like now like you know now please Like he
Brian Kern: taught myself to do that when I'm not or like
Brian Kern: In like realize it's not easy.
Brian Kern: I mean,
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Definitely, because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You you found out the consequences, and it seems that you're in a stable place in your recovery because you said that you have relaxing. And so the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The brain always talk about the diversity several brain. The brain took over most there was a constant goal if there was a red, yellow and green light. It was always on way but now you're processing, you're, you're being able to decipher when the adequate is speaking when the sober brains.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm curious to know, is good because you put that boundary in place that would that co worker when he comes that access right there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so you probably already determine when he's here there's going to be a battle to my brain and my silver brain and need to move the trigger, so that there is no battle on my sobering.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good skill that you put into place.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean,
Brian Kern: Yes, that was like the whole reason I told my boss and I couldn't work with them, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What what what spiral ditching to begin with, where there are certain emotional triggers situation triggers.
Brian Kern: When I first started using
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: gets worse.
Brian Kern: When I was in my worst
Brian Kern: May have been so many times and I was at my worst, you know, I mean, it's hard to really tell you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The underlying themes in your addiction. What were the triggers.
Brian Kern: Most of the time being said, pretty much.
Brian Kern: As as like the he doesn't always a huge one like whenever I started using like it. First is fun. Hi.
Brian Kern: Then after like a couple weeks. I'm just using constantly because I'm getting sick. That's it. That's, like, all I can think about, you know, I mean this is getting well you know
Brian Kern: Like, oh, I guess. So quick fine like develop a habit, you know, I mean, that's just it's over. From there, you know, I mean, if I have a heaven like stop, you know, until
Brian Kern: I got locked up pretty much, you know, I mean, there's like no other.
Brian Kern: Outcome, you know, unless I like somehow make it a treat. You know, yes. Happily times
But
Brian Kern: I mean other than the ghost like when I first started using is because
Brian Kern: Well, I mean, the first time I use like somebody offered it to me and I say yes.
Brian Kern: I was going through a lot with my mom being sick and like really deal with it. So that's why I was doing like drones.
Brian Kern: You know, so I guess there was that, and then when I used I started using a lot after my brother died too.
Brian Kern: So I guess like underlying emotional triggers is just like
Brian Kern: being depressed about stuff that I can't control.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like the
Brian Kern: Shitty stuff to happen is, you know, I used a lot too. Because like my PTSD is like so hard to handle some points.
Brian Kern: I use a lot of added, you know,
Brian Kern: So I guess I just use a lot because I didn't yield. Sure.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So was the emotional, you know, the emotion. And so with that,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's usually like a red flag thought. Right. And then there's a justification thought that follows up. So when the emotion, you know, with your mom going on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would that red flag. See that that initial thought that kind of activates the addictive brain to say you
Brian Kern: Know, I mean, there's a lot of time for literally I'd like
Brian Kern: Go visit her in the hospital. Watch really slowly dying shit, that was that was horizontally us a lot because of that.
Brian Kern: I don't know if I can identify like a red
Brian Kern: Red flags, you know, I mean, it's just
Brian Kern: There's not really much thinking that goes into it, really, you know, it's just that's that's going
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To happen you know
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But then that's also the source of the problem, too. But there's no
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not the processing of what got you to that point.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, because I'm reading and say your wife found out about the program, little more than a month ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When what brought you to the program. You said your wife found out about you have to realize
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About a month ago, could you couldn't get your PTSD.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then your wife found out about this program. So this sobriety is still relatively new.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you and considering the relax from different emotional triggers and so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Often people will think that, well, we just want to do this. I did it. And there really is no rhyme or reason fill in a way for some had it and do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so as we continue to dig you'll start seeing that really there are some recurring theme. There are some self top of some justification that you tell yourself before you use because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anyone that has been in treatment relapse finished treatment relapse, is it is a desire to be sober. And so the bow is between the mind and the soul, mind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There are some addicts that have not sat out treatment because there is no battle. They have not contemplated where they have no awareness that they are an addict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or if it could care less. And they don't want to improve their lifestyle but with you there is that battle, there is that awareness but there isn't enough insight to figure out what needs me to that relapse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because firstly sparkling eyes I ever laughs It's not just to relax. You know, it's that initial thought that planted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then is the next step.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then after you relapse, like you said, you take it because of the emotional distress, whatever it is you're going through and then afterwards the relapse begins, because now you're trying to avoid the withdrawals.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But if you backed up. If we wanted this movie right there wouldn't be a need to avoid the withdrawal symptoms if it wasn't the last to be killed. So in going back to those scenes. What was that first thing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That happened to me to the next event.
Brian Kern: The first. I mean, it was really like I felt it wasn't really like a thing.
Brian Kern: Like, like a, like I physically felt really bad. You know, I mean, like, it was like almost like my anxiety was like making me sick. You know, I mean like I was so anxious because like I
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, I have like any
Brian Kern: Like medications that I take, you know, I mean, like any of that. So I like I was so anxious to visit I don't physically sick, you know, like this. Not like withdrawing or anything like that.
Brian Kern: I wasn't sleeping for days at a time like I wasn't eating or anything.
Brian Kern: Like I just felt really terrible and time no one
Brian Kern: And like it wasn't like
Brian Kern: Is it's like, I don't know. It's like my
Brian Kern: Thing things I just been sick, like, the best way to describe it. You know, I mean like I just
Brian Kern: This kind of like went off the rails, you know,
Brian Kern: I can't really like remember eight like emotional stuff that was going on, like, oh, it
Brian Kern: Wasn't like it was like it was just like, it's like the best way to describe it. You know, I mean, I was very, very jittery all the time, shaking
Brian Kern: Stuff and like, so I thought like, you know,
Brian Kern: If I use like I'll feel better. You know what I mean, like, I wouldn't feel better.
Brian Kern: Afterwards, and I'm feeling worse. Pretty much that's happened.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To me that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Addiction is more addiction relapse is more regarding physiological symptoms or do you think there are some emotional triggers that lead to relapse.
Brian Kern: Mean, I've had
Brian Kern: Both you know cuz I relapse. A lot of times, and like feeling most the time, it was like about emotional stuff, pretty much, you know, I mean, really, this was the only time where it felt like it was like physiological just like I was shaking
Brian Kern: You know, I mean, but like most other times I realized is like
Brian Kern: Either just emotional stuff or maybe like Alice surround the wrong person to, you know, I've had a relapse is where
Brian Kern: I was just around the wrong person. Pretty much you know i mean like Eric, they were getting high.
Brian Kern: And then just leads to me. I, you know, yeah.
Brian Kern: Right, yeah, I have to say that most of my feelings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And earlier you mentioned the best way that you process your anxiety is through distraction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Video game.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You mentioned exercise. He said journaling, but you haven't done it often
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is buying aware of his emotional responses or is buying emotionally detached.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What makes you unsure if the way I worried. The question or something that you've never even thought of.
Brian Kern: as it sounds. I never even thought really
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I want to give you an assessment right when I see you were engaged in this session, I still feel a wall.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I still feel some disconnect
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And what I'm feeling I believe is the emotional detachment that you have had to experience over the course of your life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Over the different traumatic experiences, your protection has been avoidance separation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now just attachment
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Different because you're engaged familiar paying attention, but it's still not something, there's something that I should be hearing, there's something that I'm not kidding right now that I need to dig deeper. Like, that's what I'm getting
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that a safe assessment is what I'm feeling right now.
Brian Kern: Yeah, probably. Yeah, I think so.
Brian Kern: Make sense
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's it like with in your relationship with your wife.
Brian Kern: I mean, we're really close, you know,
Brian Kern: I can tell her like anything, pretty much.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Brian Kern: You know we like never fight or anything like that really
Brian Kern: You know, like, I don't know if we have like a perfect marriage, like we do here like really good buried. You know, I mean, we don't get mad at each other for anything. You know, we've known each other since we were kids.
Brian Kern: You know, so
Brian Kern: She like understands me. You know, she knows it's like why
Brian Kern: Where I am
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so is this a personality characteristic, are you more like kind of leave that personality like describe that personality.
Brian Kern: Yeah, Sam pretty laid back
Brian Kern: People think I'm fine, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You think you funny.
Brian Kern: Yeah, me, I have no sense of humor.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A straight face.
Brian Kern: Yeah, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whichever humor. Like, is it more like sarcasm is it like waiting is what, what's your humor like
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty weighty, you know,
Brian Kern: Now I can like somebody like you know making fun of me. I can come back really quick. You know, something like that.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: This
Brian Kern: Is like that yeah I do enjoy like watch a lot of comedy stuff so
Brian Kern: I don't know makes people think of playing way back pretty much have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A great personality characteristics.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's not easy to be considered a funny person and someone comes at you funny that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's good to be tend to want to be around people that have a good sense of humor, because in stressful situations in situations where there's anger, you know, you can go through this person, they can kind of help you to release whenever tension that you may be feeling
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, I do have like a couple friends that have
Brian Kern: Always come and talk to me when they're like having something going on.
Brian Kern: Now,
Brian Kern: So,
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, that's fair enough, that gives me a little more perspective about your personality and people come to you as a source of support. Do you consider yourself to be someone that when there's issues or windisch troubles that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Talk about what those concerns may be do you give it time are you Wendy easily express anger or emotion.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean, if there's like something like an issue or something, usually like there's an issue with my wife, we will talk about in a great way. I mean,
Brian Kern: I don't mind.
Brian Kern: Telling people when I think something's like
Brian Kern: Our Lady. I don't like
Brian Kern: Oh,
Like with your boss.
Brian Kern: Yeah, you know, like with him like he takes care of early either, you know, I
Brian Kern: Know this is like I wasn't like you want to relapse. I was freaked out about them and telling them what happened or a
Brian Kern: Mystical word
Brian Kern: So,
Brian Kern: You know, yeah, for the most part, I don't mind like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, the next time we meet, we can be two weeks from now. Well, I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Didn't want to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Discuss. I always say that there's different boxes. We can unpack while and fear they could be small boxes and we can build up to big boxes are the boxes, meaning like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The harsh trauma that you experienced and wanting to really talk about it and some people say, I don't really need to unpack the big boxes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want to unpack the smaller boxes because I'm packing a big boxes, really won't help me with my trauma and all but unpacking the smaller boxes might be a little more helpful for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How would you like to tap into their
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean,
Brian Kern: That's
Brian Kern: Small bosses.
Brian Kern: Bosses
Brian Kern: Whatever.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, whatever you feel in that moment.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That account and all that you present for your session, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How about need AGAIN APRIL 2
Brian Kern: You say April 2
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that's the next that's to Thursday on Thursday from now. Does that work for you.
That's fine.
Brian Kern: What time same time
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that would be you.
Brian Kern: Yeah worse because I gotta like
Brian Kern: You know, if I have like, something like that, where it's like the same you know it's a easy for me to remember. Okay, my mother, put it under two. All right, good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So next Friday, April 2 at four o'clock.
Brian Kern: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, see you then.
Brian Kern: Alright. Have a good day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You too. I hope your wife those better
Brian Kern: Okay, thank you.